Update fp-011-locus-of-authority.md (#2675)
OBOFoundry/OBOFoundry.github.io: principles/fp-011-locus-of-authority.md

## Counter-Examples:

- Mailing list; such as go-discuss {at} geneontology.org
- Help desk; such as chebi-help {at} ebi.ac.uk

> - Group email; such as contact {at} resource.org (where it is unclear precisely who receives the email)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Group email; such as ontologygroup {at} resource.org (where it is unclear precisely who receives the email and who is responsible for responding)
```

- Issue tracker;

> - Assistant email addresses; the responsible person must be <i>directly</i> reachable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Email address of responsible person's assistant or admin; the responsible person must be <i>directly</i> reachable
```
